now sometimes you might want to play
this drum but you don't want to have you
know what you want to have something
that feels like like maybe a pattern
that you might play on a drum set but
you're looking for a more exotic sound
so this is a exercise that I borrowed
from when I when I was teaching a lot of
drumset students and it uses the Ted
Reed book so what happens is you're
basically going to play the line as a
low doom tone but always play a pop on
two and four so you're getting always a
built-in backbeat so if you took number
one on page ten you would have
number two would be so it's only two you
wouldn't play two and so number two
again would be and if you take number
one on page 30
you'd have and you'd work all the way
through that and then you get to page 38
and you have something like this now you
need something for your left hand to do
so what it's going to do is fill in the
implied cos ound whenever there's a rest
so we're going to get a little heartbeat
patter here we go